update readme so it does not mention files that don't exist anymore (#193)
webxdc/store: README.md

ERUDA=yes pnpm build
```

> This step creates an `assets` directory in the root of the repository with file `store.xdc`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This step creates an `assets` directory in the root of the repository and moves the bundled frontend (`store.xdc`) there.
```
